fix: add missing fieldPathId to FieldTemplateProps (#4915)
rjsf-team/react-jsonschema-form: CHANGELOG.md

- Updated `BaseInputTemplate` to support the `allowClearTextInputs` feature for input fields
- Removed deprecated `defaultProps` from `AltDateTimeWidget` and `AltDateWidget` components, preserving all existing behavior
- Fixed `ObjectFieldTemplate` rendering an empty fieldset for pure oneOf/anyOf schemas (schemas with `type: "object"` and oneOf/anyOf but no properties at root level)

> - Added `fieldPathId` to `FieldTemplate` props in `SchemaField` and `LayoutMultiSchemaField` ([#4915](https://github.com/rjsf-team/react-jsonschema-form/pull/4915))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added `fieldPathId` to `FieldTemplate` props in `SchemaField` and `LayoutMultiSchemaField`, fixing [#4897](https://github.com/rjsf-team/react-jsonschema-form/issues/4897)
```
